Job Board Project

User Authentication: (20 Marks)
Users can register for an account and log in.
User roles: Employers and Job Seekers.

Job Listings: (20 Marks)
Employers can create job listings by providing details such as job title, description, requirements, and location.
Job listings should display key information, such as the job title, company name, and date posted.


Job Details: (10 Marks)
Users can view detailed information about a job listing, including the job description, requirements, and application instructions.
Job Seekers Can Apply to a job by uploading resume and providing other information

User Dashboard: (20 Marks)
Employers have a dashboard to manage their posted job listings, view applications, and update job details.
Job seekers have a dashboard to track their applications.
Job Categories: (10 Marks)
Jobs can be categorized based on industries, making it easier for users to find relevant listings.

Email Notifications: (10 Marks)
Send email notifications to users when they successfully apply for a job or when an employer receives a new application.

Deployment and Submission: (10 Marks)
Deploy the functional website on a reliable hosting platform.

CRUD Operations:
Create:
Employers can create new job listings by providing the necessary details.
Job seekers can create profiles with relevant information.

Read:
Job listings can be viewed by all users, even those who are not logged in.
Job seekers can view the details of a job listing before applying.

Update:
Employers can edit and update the details of their job listings.
Job seekers can update their resumes.

Delete:
Employers can delete their job listings.
Job seekers can withdraw their applications.


u have to all the task and must need to use drf means django rest framework and i need to make a api for my site with this details and you have to use rest_framework in django and make all urls and also remeber that nothing be missed . all feature must be here and must need to use drf django rest framework now make it and first give me all app name which u want to make to make easy and dont use that thing that not use comonly and also make that kind of apis that i can easyliy use it on my frontend now make it and in app must take confirmation before start main task